For a very long time the continent has been subject to a cartel of irresponsible, unqualified, corrupt and incompetent leaders, who care little or nothing about how the decisions they make affects the wellbeing of the society or Africa as a whole. Unfortunately, these same qualities are beginning to spring up amidst the Young Generation of Africans-The future leaders. 
As some of the very prominent problems in Africa as a result of the poor standard of education is Examination Malpractice. To prove this just recently an African country- Nigeria was rated as the number one in examination malpractices worldwide. This is a pin pointer to the kind of young generation of students currently enrolled in the Nigerian system of Education. 
I didn’t want to become a product of what I would one day advocate against and this drive made me to study hard and fortunately for me I was admitted into a Business University, (Ozyegin) in Istanbul, Turkey. I decided to call a couple of friends who decided to work in my vision and they have been coordinating the affairs of the group back home in Nigeria.
We also have a Facebook page YALC another way through which we express our opinions on different issues and subjects that cuts across Africa. We are building up a project for the summer of next year. We want to engage young Nigerians into an active and practical reading experience and host a program on how they could prepare for exams effectively without engaging in any form of malpractice.
Although it’s not been so easy because we are young and the funding is very difficult to come by, considering that most of us still live under the care of our parents despite this we haven’t given up on our little dream, we believe we can do it and with the support from the RomeMun we know they will provide us the necessary guideline and also the backbone we need to carry out this project.
This is actually one of our many reasons we want to attend this conference, we will be eternally gratefully if we get an all-expense paid consideration for our participation in the conference. Without which the possibility of coming is very slim. We want to send two delegates, the founder Mr. Justice Obilor and the coordinator Mr. Chimaobi Uzoigwe in Nigeria. 
In conclusion, we will like to quote a popular Youth activist and Entrepreneur in Nigeria, Fela Durotoye- I believe the future is not a time zone, No! No! No! I believe the future is everything we can be and not yet become, the future is everything we can do but have not yet done, the future is everything we should have and have not yet possessed. The future is not ahead of us, the future is inside us. A leader accepts responsibility to deliver the future. The Future is here, the future is now.
We have the power to create a future we desire.